This person is running from something or someone. They are being hunted.
This person is going undercover to secretly spy on someone.
This person accidently killed someone long ago. They feel guilty about it.
This person has come across forbidden knowledge.
This person is cursed, bad things tend to happen to the people around them.
This person was banished from their hometown because they were helping an outside force to invade.
This person is a serial killer.
This person was exiled because they were seen as a troublemaker and rebel.
This person has another entity living inside them, whispering in their mind.
This person has a secret criminal life that they try to hide.
This person has stolen someones identity and is pretending to be that person.
This person has a scandalous history.
This person has a shameful history.
This person hates their job and secretly wants to do something else.
This person has seen a vision.
This person is secretly undead and hiding their condition.
This person is actually a bunch of goblins wearing an elaborate disguise.
This person sold their soul to a demon and does not know when they will see the consequences of their choice.
This person is pretending to be of a different social class.
This person pretends to have money.
This person pretends to be poor.
This person pretends to be one of the locals.
They are a member of a secret society.
They are in a cult.
This person has a simple history but tries to hide it.
This person has a complex history but tries to hide it.
This person pretends to be the opposite sex.
They are part of a crime syndicate.
Has been secretly plotting revenge against someone they despise.
This person was framed for a crime they did not commit they are in hiding.
They are a werewolf.
Owes massive debts.
Steals from people and has a secret hoard.
Stole a precious artifact from someone.
Pretends to know everything but is actually clueless.
Remembers living a past life.
Secretly part of a hidden group.
Wants to start a revolution.
Saw something they were not supposed to.
Knows something about someone in a position of higher power.
Has a hidden companion.
Has relatives searching for them.
Has an enchanted item.
Has infamous parents.
Has famous parents.
Is a bastard.
Are being watched by an evil force.
Are being watched by an good force.
Hears voices no one else can hear.
Sees things that are not real.
Has a seemingly ordinary trinket that is actually magical.
Is hiding the egg of some creature.